it's the end of it and we're going to
we're seeing a pendulum swing back to a
more right of Center approach which was
entirely predictable which is why I when
I was in the greens I was trying to keep
us in the middle saying there is no room
on the left to the left of the NDP the
only voters out there are those Renta
mob cruts where the voters are is in the
middle that's who we want to represent
they're not Progressive they're they're
I don't know what they are they are the
the one side of a coin and the other
side are the far right extremists you
know the Tucker Carlson of this world so
you know they're both the same they're
both objectionable they both turn off
the overwhelming majority of Voters who
are in the middle and that is why people
like Pierre POV are able to capitalize
on that because they see the center
where everyone is they're just simply
trying to worry about paying their
mortgage paying their bills putting
bread on their table making sure the
kids get a job and have a good education
taking care of their parents that's what
people care about yet we have these
radicals um I call them the Renta mob
crowd because you see them at every
demonstration I I I even know half these
people I mean I I I go down to I went
down just to watch one of these
demonstrations I you half the people
walking obviously there's people who are
from the Middle East walking in there
but there's all the usual rental mob
crowd